*USEARCH 32-bit license agreement for individuals*

This is an agreement between Licensor and Licensee, who is being
licensed to use USEARCH, hereinafter the Software, under the conditions
specified herein

This License permits Licensee to install and use the Software.

Licensee acknowledges that this is only a limited nonexclusive license
that grants no rights of ownership or title.

Rights and obligations under this Agreement are granted and accepted at
no charge to either party. Should Licensee violate the terms of this
Agreement, Licensor reserves the right, without limitation, to charge
fees and seek other remedies.

Licensee may make copies of the Software for backup purposes. Licensee
will not allow copies of the Software to be made or used by others.

Licensee agrees to exercise due care in fulfilling Licensee's
obligations in this Agreement, including but not limited to ensuring
that no copy of the Software installed by Licensee is accessible via the
internet.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, LICENSOR DISCLAIMS
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF TITLE,
MERCHANTABILITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, OR OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. No agent of Licensor is authorized to make any other warranties
or to modify this limited warranty.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, LICENSOR IS NOT
LIABLE TO LICENSEE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING COMPENSATORY, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, CONNECTED
WITH OR RESULTING FROM THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT OR LICENSEE'S USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE.

Licensee agrees to defend and indemnify Licensor and hold Licensor
harmless from all claims, losses, damages, complaints, or expenses
connected with or resulting from Licensee's use of the Software..

Licensor has the right to terminate this License Agreement and
Licensee's right to use this Software upon any material breach by Licensee.

Licensee agrees to return to Licensor or to destroy all copies of the
Software upon termination of the License.

This License Agreement is the entire and exclusive agreement between
Licensor and Licensee regarding this Software. This License Agreement
replaces and supersedes all prior negotiations, dealings, and agreements
between Licensor and Licensee regarding this Software.
